in Iraq people have gathered in huge
numbers in central Baghdad in a show of
solidarity with Palestinians in Gaza
they've come to the Liberty Monument in
t Square Al's Mahmud AB had sent up this
update from Central
bdad Million Man
Marsh has been staged in the main Square
in the Iraqi Capital Bagdad this is T
square and these are supporters of sh
leader M along with other protesters
belonging to several other political
Iraqi factions they're here today to
show support and solidarity with the
people of Palestine with the people of
Gaza not only that they're here today
also to show Force as you can see almost
everyone
wears a white sheet a white sheet and
this is an indication of sacrifice an
indication of death Readiness to
sacrifice themselves for a cause in this
case for the Palestinian
case every free person who stands for
justice not only in the Arab world
should stand with Palestine we stand
with the people of Gaza the Palestinians
in their struggle to free their occupied
lands they also blame several Arab
regimes for silence for not doing enough
to support Gaza and Palestine they also
blame some Arab regimes for normalizing
relations with uh Israel Iraq has been
one of the first Arab countries in fact
one of the first countries in the world
to support Palestine and to stand with
the people of
Gaza unfortunately some Arabs states
have let the Palestinian people down
Israel receives unconditional support
from the United States and Europe but
Palestine does not receive similar
support from its Arab neighbors this is
hypocrisy those passive regimes have now
been exposed these protesters denounce
the bombardment of Gaza of civilians of
women and children in Gaza by the
Israeli military campaign they're
calling on the Iraqi
government to send more aids for Gaza
and they're calling on the International
Community to intervene to put an end to
what they consider a genocide against
the people of Gaza many people
here condemn the International Community
for what they consider double standard
policy in regard to dealing with the
Palestinian case mahm ABD Al jaaz that